So let's talk about the instance
refresh feature of Auto Scaling.
And the goal of this is to have a launch template.
You want to update it, and then you want to update
all the underlying EC2 instances
in your Auto Scaling group to match
this new launch template.
Now, this feature doesn't come up on its own,
but it comes up combined with other security concepts
and that gives you the answer of the exam.
So let's explain this concept first.
So to do such a goal,
we need to use the instance refresh feature.
It's native to your Auto Scaling group.
So let's say we have an ASG,
and we have, in this example, nine EC2 instances.
They're using the old launch templates,
but we are updating the launch templates
of our Auto Scaling group, which does nothing by default,
but then we use the start instance refresh API.
So we start an instance refresh.
And what's going to happen is that
we set a minimum healthy percentage
of how many instances we want in service.
For example, we say,
50% of minimum healthy percentage,
which is going to take down a few EC2 instances,
and over time, create new ones
with the new launch templates.
And this is how your group is going to be transitioned
from the old launch template to the new launch templates.
You can specify a warmup time,
so how long until the instance is going to be ready to use.
And after a while, you'll have a full
Auto Scaling group that only has EC2 instances
that are using the new launch templates.
Okay?
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.